Your little boyfriend killed
someone, that’s a fact.
He killed Li Qi’s man,
so it’s only natural Li Qi grabbed him,
it has nothing to do with me.
Even if Li Qi didn’t grab him,
the police would have.
He can’t escape either way.
I can make Li Qi let him go.
But the condition is you stay by my side.
Be my woman.
I’ll give you three minutes to decide.
How do I choose?
Do I really have to be his woman?
I don’t even like him.
This Hou Jiuling is too terrifying.
Like a ticking time bomb
that could explode at any moment.
If I don’t agree,
how will DS International’s people
treat Wu Tai?
Will they kill him?
Ji Linling, if you walk away now,
get ready to clean up your friend’s body.
Can you really save him?
You have ten seconds left to decide.
If you choose to stay by my side,
come here.